How are you preparing for Qi Wangyan?
Back to Beijing, it's almost ready.
The invitation letter has been fully fined.
What about the Liu family going back to Beijing?
The Liu family is not qualified to participate in the king's banquet at all
Are you sure the Liu family treats light learning like this?
Just to disperse them together
It also allows Clear Blood to completely see their faces
Cut in two
Hello Qingxue
What Yaoyao is missing?
Don't worry, leave the matter of Yaoyao to me.
Fry and kill
Even if the Jedi Three Foot Demon summons Yaoyao
Anyone who dares to hurt Yaoyao's hair
I want his family buried with me
It's Yaoyao
Yaoyao
Yaoyao Yaoyao
Mr. Yao
Are you looking for your daughter all over the world now?
Tell you a good character
Your sunshine
It's in my hands.
Lin Shaoyao, you bastard
Leave him alone.
Why should I promise you?
unless
Lin Shao, as long as you let Yaoyao go
I promise you anything
I was so nice to you before and you were indifferent
Keep pretending to be tall for me
Why don't you do it now?
I would do anything for Yangyang
Please don't hurt him
You can do anything, hahaha.
Then I'll give you an address.
Remember, you can only come here alone
Don't tell anyone.
Let go
All you see is a corpse
Ok, I'll be there in a minute.
Li Kindness, if you dare to shake a hair
I will fight with you